Add `chown` setting to fix root permissions on exit (#278)
buildkite-plugins/docker-buildkite-plugin: README.md

Whether to match the user ID and group ID for the container user to the user ID and group ID for the host user. It is similar to specifying `user: 1000:1000`, except it avoids hardcoding a particular user/group ID.

> Using this option ensures that any files created on shared mounts from within the container will be accessible to the host user. It is otherwise common to accidentally create root-owned files that Buildkite will be unable to remove—since containers by default run as the root user—unless `chown` is enabled.

Reviewer: I would reword this a bit as there are other considerations to take into account:

```suggestion
Using this option ensures that any files created on shared mounts from within the container will be accessible to the host user. It is otherwise common to accidentally create root-owned files that the agent will be unable to remove, since a lot of container images by default run as the root user. This can also be mitigated for the checkout folder by using the `chown` option of this plugin.
```

Author: Done.

Default: `true`

### `chown` (optional, boolean)

> Whether to chown mounted files to the Buildkite agent user before exiting, to ensure that Buildkite can clean them up. Has no effect on Windows or if `mount-checkout` is false.

Reviewer: I would also add a comment here about this using the `busybox:latest` image as root so that it doesn't come as a surprise that another container is being run. Also, this will run even if the step fails  (because it is in the pre-exit hook) and may take a long time if there are a lot of files in the checkout folder, which may cause issues as there are limits to how long the agent waits until the processes are killed by the agent - specially when the step is cancelled. Also as this only affects the checkout folder and not any other volumes mounted, I would add a comment about the `propagate-uid-gid` option.

Something like:

```suggestion
Whether to `chown` mounted files to the Buildkite agent user before exiting, to ensure that the agent can clean them up.

Note that:
* it will run a `busybox:latest` container image as a root user
* that container will run after the command even if it fails or the step is cancelled
* will only run for your checkout folder (not any other volumes or mounts)
* if your checkout folder is of considerable size, it may add to the execution time
* has no effect on Windows or if `mount-checkout` is false

You may also want to consider using the `propagate-uid-gid` option instead.
```

Author: Done.

> Default: `false`

Author: I think this should default to `true`, since I can’t imagine wanting the prior behavior (which bricks the agent due to inability to e.g. `git clean`), but I made it `false` since it’s a behavior change. If the maintainers are ok with it, happy to change it to `true`, otherwise I recommend that it be flipped in the next major version.

Reviewer 2: I agree `false` makes sense here for now; I think rewording:

> Has no effect on Windows or if `mount-checkout` is false.

to:

> If `mount-checkout` is false, or if using Windows, this option will do nothing.

(or something to that effect) will be help prevent confusion.
